Feature request: terms of use for new user (#6010)
opencast/opencast: docs/guides/admin/docs/configuration/admin-ui/terms.md

> # Terms of use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Terms of Use
```

> Opencast allows you to display terms of use for new users in the admin-ui. The user will have to accept the terms to continue using the ui.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Opencast allows you to display terms of use for new users in the admin UI. The user will have to accept the terms to continue using the UI.
```

To enable terms of use, set the following in `etc/org.opencastproject.organization-mh_default_org.cfg`:

```
prop.org.opencastproject.admin.display_terms=true
```

The content of the terms can be set in `/etc/ui-config/mh_default_org/admin-ui/` per language. The filenames follow these rules:

```
terms.%{language_code}.html
```

> The corresponding language codes can be found here: https://github.com/opencast/opencast-admin-interface/blob/admin-ui-picard/app/src/i18n/i18n.ts#L44

Reviewer: This gives me a 404. 🤔

Author: made it a permalink

> If a language is not provided, the english version will be displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no language is provided, the english version will be displayed.
```

terms.%{language_code}.html
```

> The corresponding language codes can be found in [`/src/i18n/i18n.ts`](https://github.com/opencast/opencast-admin-interface/blob/4253105caedb11df193c05188e043a711f7e68cf/src/i18n/i18n.ts#L29) in the admin-UI repo.

Reviewer: I would suggest using this: https://github.com/opencast/opencast-admin-interface/blob/main/src/i18n/languages.ts#L29

It's not a permalink, so it might rot by us moving the file or moving the relevant info out of that file, but at least it gets updated with newly supported and/or dropped languages.

Your previous link was dead for a reason that should never ever happen again. (Us renaming the default branch.) (Although spoiler alert: We might actually want to change it to `develop` at some point to make it more consistent with the https://github.com/opencast/opencast. 🙈)

In reality we should point to something that is not code at all, but I couldn't really find anything else myself, sadly. :(
